Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
I am never at home on Sundays.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
Written warnings in instruction manuals are worthless since rabbits can't read.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Jason didn’t understand why his parents wouldn’t let him sell his little sister at the garage sale.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
On each full moon
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
I know many children ask for a pony, but I wanted a bicycle with rockets strapped to it.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.